SS2 Randomiser
A mod by Sarge945

This mod aims to make System Shock 2 more dynamic and reinforce the importance of exploration and situational awareness,
especially for returning players


This mod aims to add more variety to System Shock 2, as well as reinforcing the importance of exploration and situational awareness.
It does so by randomising the locations of all the goodies and loot, as well as some quest items (such as the dead powercell in medsci1).

Great care has been taken to ensure there are no possible failure states. All progression-related items should be available when required.

It was specifically designed for long-term players who already have pre-established mental models of where items are, and who instinctively know to check or ignore certain areas. Speed and exploration are especially important in a game like System Shock 2 with respawning enemies, and a lot of the difficulty can be mitigated by experienced players essentially speeding through the maps without taking the time to explore or look for items.

Features
The mod was made with a focus on maintaining balance while keeping the game fresh, and as such, generally follows these rules:
Designed for SCP and compatible with almost all DML mods
Only existing items are moved, no new items are added
Most items can appear anywhere
Care has been taken to ensure item placements make sense and maintain consistency with the original game - body bags will only contain hypos, bars and kitchens will be stocked with food and beverages, etc.
Some items are not moved at all to maintain consistency with the world and logs, such as the shotgun outside the fluidics control room
"Reward items" and such are also unchanged, such as the French-Epstein device at the end of the cargo bays, which is designed to reward the player after a grueling challenge
Security Crates will randomise their contents with other security crates, but not with the general map items. You will still need to hack security crates to get the items they contain.
Weapons and other "high value" or rare items will only appear in their given area. The shotgun in R&D for instance will only appear in R&D, it will not appear elsewhere in the Science sector.
Items that require hacking (such as the medsci1 cryo closet) or skills to access (such as psi pull items) are completely unchanged.
Logs and keycards are currently not randomised, however this may change in the future based on feedback
Randomisers will try to keep roughly the same overall item distribution. If a closet had 3-4 items in the original game, it will likely have a similar amount. Don't expect closets overflowing with items or large stretches of empty areas. Some adjustments have been made to item distribution however to even out certain parts that had too many or too few items.
Items can appear in a lot of new places. Previously empty or worthless locations have specifically been made more useful. Look under everything - there are some very devious item placements! (Key items will never appear in secret or hidden spots, like behind beds or way up on top shelves, etc)
Annelid Eggs can be replaced with eggs of any type relevant to the deck. Goo eggs may be replaced by swarmer eggs, worm eggs etc

Oh no, I found an issue!
Bug reports are always welcome. As well as a description of the problem (and screenshots), it would be very useful to send through a copy of ss2.log as well, since this will contain the seed numbers used by the randomisers. Doing so will allow me to recreate the exact situation in the editor, and should make finding bugs much easier.

Current Status
Currently, ALL maps have some degree of randomisation and all goodies have been randomised (this accounts for the vast majority of items). Some maps are missing randomisation of key items, weapons, etc.

The table below shows the current status of each mission. Every mission is currently playable and will have full randomisation of all goodies, which will provide a very good experience overall, however some items on most maps are not randomised.