Things to do before release:

1. Implement the "simple" randomiser, which simply sends input items (target linked) to an object collection (output only). This will be needed later.
	- Ignore all variations, metaprops, etc.
	- Don't do any collision fixing or anything like that, just basic, barebones moves.
	- Switch over Art terminals and 5em-dEx randomisers to be simple
2. Fix Logs. Use the simple randomiser to move plot-relevant logs to specific places (like a given room) but keep them mostly in-line when needed.
	2a) assign "Auto Ignore Input" to all plot-relevant logs
	2b) randomise "lore" logs by adding them to the correct object pools and creating generic log randomisers
	2c) create simple randomisers for all the plot logs, outputting them to locations not too far from their vanilla locations
3. Fix weapons/armour
	3a) Add the rest of the weapon randomisers to the rest of the maps. Determine a consistent rule for weapon randomisation.
	3b) Add armour randomisers to all the maps
4. Check everything in every file. Perhaps check out files to make it easier. Rules should be consistent across the whole game, with some exceptions.
5. Randomise eggs
	5a) Create an "egg" randomiser, which will replace eggs with another type of egg
6. Randomise security terminals/stations
7. Write documentation on how to make mods compatible with the randomiser
8. Add markers to all levels
9. Devise a new system for keeping object placements even without needing to have an intricate web of markers.
10. Search for all TODOs in the DML files
11. Investigate Delacroix log in medsci1 (the one on the gurney near R&D) as it seems to have physics issues, may be caused by physics fix done in logs/gamesys.dml
12. Switch over Eggs, Art and Hardware Override randomisers to be simple randomisers


Known Bugs:
- Watts can get logs
- Alcove near watts quarters shouldn't contain junk (make it high prio)
- Fix Many bodybag

Possible Item Updates:
- Cyber Modules (1351) in ops3 should also allow hypos, softs and other tiny items
- Chips in water at end of medsci2 should allow self only as well, plus softs etc
